= Mutation =
The Mutation class has all the methods to create and initialize different flavors of mutations on individuals, (not implemented yet).
Constructor Summary

Constructors 
Constructor and Description
Mutation(PApplet parent, float MutationRate)
The constructor takes two parameters, the first is the parent for processing and the second is the mutation percent in the population. always a small number closer to 0.
Method Summary

Methods 
Modifier and Type	Method and Description
char[][]	CharMutation(char[][] pop, float ChroPercent)
The Method GenrMutation() takes two arguments. the population that is going to be mutated and the percent of the chromosome mutated.
Object[][]	MutationSwap(Object[][] population, float percentChrom)
MutationSwap method.
double[][]	NumbMutation(double[][] pop, double min, double max, float percentChrom)
MutationSwap method.
float[][]	NumbMutation(float[][] pop, float min, float max, float percentChrom)
MutationSwap method.
int[][]	NumbMutation(int[][] pop, int min, int max, float percentChrom)
MutationSwap method.
Methods inherited from class java.lang.Object

equals, getClass, hashCode, notify, notifyAll, toString, wait, wait, wait
Constructor Detail

Mutation

public Mutation(PApplet parent,
        float MutationRate)
The constructor takes two parameters, the first is the parent for processing and the second is the mutation percent in the population. always a small number closer to 0.
Method Detail

MutationSwap

public Object[][] MutationSwap(Object[][] population,
                      float percentChrom)
MutationSwap method. this method swap two or more alleles in the chromosome, same as RNA does in the DNA Don't forget implement a float parameter in the constructor.
Parameters:
population - -> population to be mutated.
percentChrom - -> percent mutation in the chromsome 0 <= percentChrom <= 1.
Returns:
Object[][] population.
NumbMutation

public double[][] NumbMutation(double[][] pop,
                      double min,
                      double max,
                      float percentChrom)
MutationSwap method. this method swap two or more alleles in the chromosome, same as RNA does in the DNA Don't forget implement a float parameter in the constructor.
Parameters:
population - -> population to be mutated.
percentChrom - -> percent mutation in the chromsome 0 <= percentChrom <= 1.
Returns:
double[][] population.
NumbMutation

public float[][] NumbMutation(float[][] pop,
                     float min,
                     float max,
                     float percentChrom)
MutationSwap method. this method swap two or more alleles in the chromosome, same as RNA does in the DNA Don't forget implement a float parameter in the constructor.
Parameters:
population - -> population to be mutated.
percentChrom - -> percent mutation in the chromsome 0 <= percentChrom <= 1.
Returns:
float[][] population.
NumbMutation

public int[][] NumbMutation(int[][] pop,
                   int min,
                   int max,
                   float percentChrom)
MutationSwap method. this method swap two or more alleles in the chromosome, same as RNA does in the DNA Don't forget implement a float parameter in the constructor.
Parameters:
population - -> population to be mutated.
percentChrom - -> percent mutation in the chromsome 0 <= percentChrom <= 1.
Returns:
int[][] population.
CharMutation

public char[][] CharMutation(char[][] pop,
                    float ChroPercent)
The Method GenrMutation() takes two arguments. the population that is going to be mutated and the percent of the chromosome mutated.
Parameters:
pop - the population that is going to be mutated;
Chromosomepercent - the percent rate in the chromosome that is going to be mutated.
Returns:
a mutated population in the passed flavor.